Update gateway onboarding docs (#914)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/gateways/adding-gateways/_index.md

## Adding Gateways using the Console

Go to **Gateways** in the top menu, and click **+ Register Gateway** to reach the gateway registration page.

> Fill the **Gateway EUI** and click **Confirm** or **Continue without EUI**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill the **Gateway EUI** and click **Confirm**. Some gateways do not use a **Gateway EUI** (e.g. The Things Kickstarter Gateway), in which case you can just click on **Continue without EUI**.
```

> Depending of weather the **Gateway EUI** is claimable you will either be shown the claiming form or the manual registration form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on whether the **Gateway EUI** is claimable you will either be shown the claiming form or the manual registration form.
```

> {{< note >}}Claiming may not be possible on your version of The Thing Stack, if not you will see the manual registration form by default.{{</ note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}Claiming of gateways is not supported on {{% tts %}} Open Source. In that case, you will see the manual registration form by default.{{</ note >}}
```

{{< figure src="gateway-add.png" alt="Gateway add" >}}

On the manual registration form fill in the **Frequency Plan** and the **Gateway ID** if it was not pre filled, The other fields are optional. Click **Register Gateway** to finish.

{{< figure src="gateway-creation.png" alt="Gateway creation" >}}

> On claiming form fill in the **Authentication Code**, **Gateway ID** and the **Frequency Plan**. Click **Claim Gateway** to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your gateway is claimable (e.g. The Things Indoor Gateway), you will see the claiming form. Here, fill in the **Authentication Code**, **Gateway ID** and the **Frequency Plan**. Click **Claim Gateway** to finish.
```
